Add Fargate and Fargate Spot compatibility (#344)
mapbox/ecs-watchbot: docs/building-a-template.md

**serviceVersion** | The version of your image to deploy. This should reference a specific image in ECR. | String/Ref | Yes | -
**family** | The name of the task definition family that watchbot will create revisions of. | String/Ref | No | -
**command** | The shell command to be run by the subprocess worker. The working directory for the subprocess is determined in your Dockerfile by the `WORKDIR` missive. | String | Yes | -

> **capacity** | If the value is `'EC2'` (the default), Watchbot will run with the `EC2` launch type. If the value is `FARGATE`, Watchbot will run with the `FARGATE` launch type. And if it is `FARGATE_SPOT`, Watchbot will run on `FARGATE_SPOT` capacity provider. You can only use `FARGATE_SPOT` on ECS clusters configured to allow the `FARGATE_SPOT` capacity provider. | `'EC2'|'FARGATE'|'FARGATE_SPOT'`/Ref | No | `'EC2'`

Reviewer: nit: I feel like "Watchbot will run with the _x_ launch type" isn't as clear as it could be. Consider something like `Watchbot will be deployed to ECS using the _x_ launch type`.

**fargateSecurityGroups** | The IDs of security groups to associate with Fargate Watchbot containers. This option is ignored if `capacity` is `'EC2'`. If you do not specify a security group and use a Fargate capacity type, the default security group for the VPC is used. You can provide no more than 5. | String[]/Ref | No | []

> **fargateSubnets** | The IDs of subnets to associate with Fargate Watchbot containers. This option is ignored if `capacity` is `'EC2'`. You can provide no more than 16. | String[]/Ref | No | []

Reviewer: Can we note somewhere on this page where one could get these values from?

Author: I don't think so, because this is a public repo. We might need to add an internal guide about how to use this.

Reviewer: d'oh, right. Internal guide might be helpful to fill these in.

**prefix** | a prefix that will be applied to the logical names of all the resources Watchbot creates. If you're building a template that includes more than one Watchbot system, you'll need to specify this in order to differentiate the resources. | String/Ref | No | none
**reservation.memory** | The number of MB of RAM to reserve as a hard limit. If your worker container tries to utilize more than this much RAM, it will be shut down. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If `capacity` is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`', this must be an allowed value for Fargate tasks. | Number/Ref | No | None if `capacity` is `'EC2'`; `512` if it is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`'
**reservation.softMemory** | The number of MB of RAM to reserve as a soft limit. Your worker container will be able to utilize more than this much RAM if it happens to be available on the host. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. | Number/Ref | No | none

> **reservation.cpu** | The number of CPU units to reserve for your worker container. This will only impact the placement of your container on an EC2 with sufficient CPU capacity, but will not limit your container's utilization. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If `capacity` is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`', this must be an allowed value for Fargate tasks. | Number/Ref | Yes | None if `capacity` is `'EC2'`; `256` if it is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**reservation.cpu** | The number of CPU units to reserve for your worker container. This will only impact the placement of your container on an EC2 with sufficient CPU capacity, but will not limit your container's utilization. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If `capacity` is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`', this must be an allowed value for Fargate tasks. | Number/Ref | Yes | `128` if `capacity` is `'EC2'`; `256` if `capacity` is `'FARGATE'` or `'FARGATE_SPOT`'
```

> **privileged** | Give the container elevated privileges on the host container instance. This value is ignored if `capacity` is not `'EC2'`. | Boolean/Ref | No | false

Reviewer: For the 4 options where the value is ignored on Fargates, how would you feel about wording the 2nd sentence as "This value is ignored for capacity values other than `EC2`"? I feel like the "ignored if x is not y" is slightly confusing to me. Maybe not using the word "not" is slightly better?

**prefix** | a prefix that will be applied to the logical names of all the resources Watchbot creates. If you're building a template that includes more than one Watchbot system, you'll need to specify this in order to differentiate the resources. | String/Ref | No | none
**reservation.memory** | The number of MB of RAM to reserve as a hard limit. If your worker container tries to utilize more than this much RAM, it will be shut down. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If you use `fargate`, this option must be set, and must be an allowed value for Fargate tasks. | Number/Ref | No | none
**reservation.softMemory** | The number of MB of RAM to reserve as a soft limit. Your worker container will be able to utilize more than this much RAM if it happens to be available on the host. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If you use `fargate`, this option cannot be set. | Number/Ref | No | none

> **reservation.cpu** | The number of CPU units to reserve for your worker container. This will only impact the placement of your container on an EC2 with sufficient CPU capacity, but will not limit your container's utilization. The minimum value is 128. This parameter can be provided as either a number or a reference, i.e. `{"Ref": "..."}`. If you use `fargate`, this option must be set, and must be an allowed value for Fargate tasks. | Number/Ref | Yes | -

Reviewer 2: What do you think about wiring default values for you if you chose Fargate? It'd be appropriate to provide the minimum valid cpu/memory as a default, I think.

Author: Yeah, that sounds good.

**fifo** | Whether you want Watchbot's SQS queue to be first-in-first-out (FIFO). By default, Watchbot creates a standard SQS queue, in which the order of jobs is not guaranteed to match the order of messages. If your program requires more precise ordering and the limitations of a FIFO queue will be acceptable, set this option to `true`. Learn more in ["Using a FIFO queue"](./using-a-fifo-queue.md) | Boolean | No | `false`
**placementConstraints** | ECS service [placement constraints](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-service-placementconstraint.html). If you use `fargate`, this option cannot be set. | Object[]/Ref | No | false
**placementStrategies** | ECS service [placement strategies](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-properties-ecs-service-placementstrategy.html). If you use `fargate`, this option cannot be set. | Object[]/Ref | No | false

### fargate mode explained

If you use the `fargate` option, Watchbot will launch tasks on Fargate capacity, rather than EC2 capacity.

> The choice to use `fargate` affects several other options above. Not all ECS task and service options are available on Fargate, and some must be specified. For example, the options `reservations.softMemory`, `privileged`, `writableFileSystem`, `placementConstraints`, and `placementStrategies` cannot be used alongside `fargate`. `reservations.memory` and `reservations.cpu` must be set, and they must be [values that are allows for Fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-cpu-memory-error.html).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The choice to use `fargate` affects several other options above. Not all ECS task and service options are available on Fargate, and some must be specified. For example, the options `reservations.softMemory`, `privileged`, `writableFileSystem`, `placementConstraints`, and `placementStrategies` cannot be used alongside `fargate`. `reservations.memory` and `reservations.cpu` must be set, and they must be [values that are allowed for Fargate](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task-cpu-memory-error.html).
```
